Twenty Years of MAME

<p>Way back in 1997, Nicola Salmoria merged a few stand-alone arcade
machine emulators into the first Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator.
Could he have possibly imagined the significance of what he’d built?
Over the past two decades, MAME has brought together over a thousand
contributors to build a system that emulates more machines than any
other program.  But MAME is more than that: MAME represents the idea
that our digital heritage is important and should be preserved for
future generations.  MAME strives to accurately represent original
systems, allowing unmodified software to run as intended.  Today,
MAME documents over thirty thousand systems, and usably emulates over
ten thousand.  MAME meets the definitions of Open Source and Free
Software, and works with Windows, macOS, Linux and BSD running on any
CPU from x86-64 to ARM to IBM zSeries.  As well as a general-purpose
emulator, MAME serves as a reference for people repairing vintage
electronics, a development platform for testing homebrew/unofficial
software, and an educational tool.  We’ll be posting a series of updates
and retrospectives in celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the
first MAME release on 5 February.</p>

<p>So who develops MAME and why?  MAMEdev are a group of people sharing
the common goal of advancing the understanding, preservation and
emulation of electronic history.  We have about sixty developers at
present.  For most of the project’s life, development and releases were
coordinated by an individual.  This was originally Nicola Salmoria, who
briefly handed over the reins to Mirko Buffoni before returning to the
role.  Subsequent coordinators were David “Haze” Haywood, Aaron Giles,
Angelo “Kale” Salese, and Miodrag “Micko” Milanović.  In May 2016 we
transitioned from an individual coordinator to an elected board of five
who loosely coordinate development.  The current board consists of:</p>

<ul>
    <li>MAME visionary Miodrag “micko” Milanović</li>
    <li>Technical lead Olivier “Sarayan” Galibert</li>
    <li>Very senior developer R.Belmont</li>
    <li>Development and release manager Vas “cuavas” Crabb</li>
    <li>Project facilitator Greg “Stiletto” Ember</li>
</ul>

<p>In addition, two very important roles on the team are our technical
writer Firehawke, and head of QA Tafoid (also our main liaison at <a
href="http://www.mametesters.org/">MAME Testers</a>).</p>

<p>Originally, MAME only emulated arcade games by a rather arbitrary
definition.  A sister-project called MESS (Multiple Emulator Super
System) sprang up leveraging the MAME framework to emulate everything
else.  In August 2012, MAME and MESS combined their source trees and
harmonised releases.  In May 2015, the functionality formerly provided
by MESS was folded into MAME.  Former MESS project coordinators were
Ben Bruscella, Nathan “Bletch” Woods and Miodrag “Micko” Milanović.</p>

<p>But MAME wouldn’t be what it is without the massive community
surrounding the project: all the people who’ve dumped ROMs/disks,
submitted patches, filed bug reports, developed a front-end GUI, curated
a collection of support files, packaged binaries for distribution,
helped a friend or acquaintance get started with MAME, or even just
talked about the project, getting the word out there.  It’s thanks to
all of you that MAME has endured this long and grown to the scope it
covers today.</p>
