MAME 0.182

<p>As we approach the 20th anniversary of the first MAME release, we’ve
got a really exciting update for you.  There’s so much awesome stuff in
this month’s release that there’s no way we can possibly cover it all
here.  MAME is a team effort, and we’d like to thank everyone who’s
contributed towards making this release as awesome as we think it is.
One very exciting addition is support for another version of the
East German Poly-Play system, with German and Czech ROM sets providing
ten games, six of which are new.  Protection on Future Flash/Laser Base
has finally been emulated, so you can take a look at Hoei’s take on
Missile Command.  A dump of the <a
href="http://caps0ff.blogspot.com/2016/12/taking-down-45-tatakae-big-fighter.html">damaged
microcontroller (MCU)</a> from Tatakae! Big Fighter makes this title
and Sky Robo finally playable.  Another eagerly awaited addition is the
Hot-B prototype Hangzo.</p>

<p>Serial ports have been hooked up on Race Drivin’ allowing you to link
two MAME instances over TCP, reproducing the multi-player experience
with linked cabinets.  To do this, use a null modem slot device and
configure it for 38,400 Baud, 8 data bits, even parity, and 1 stop bit.
It would also be possible to connect a MAME instance to a real board set
by forwarding the connection to a serial port on the host system.</p>

<p>We’ve received a contributed PortAudio output module and integrated
it in this release.  This provides a cross-platform low latency audio
output solution.  Performance should be similar to Steinberg ASIO on
Windows 7 or later without the licensing issues, and better than SDL
audio on Linux.  It can be enabled by setting the sound parameter to
portaudio on the command line or in an ini file.  Of course, all the
other audio output modules are still supported, so if you're happy with
your current setup you don’t have to change anything.</p>

<p>Although we haven’t added a huge number of new microcontroller (MCU)
dumps in this release, substantial work has gone into improving systems
where we already have dumps but the emulation is lacking.  MCU emulation
was added to Puzznic, Joshi Volleyball and Gladiator.  For Puzznic, this
places player data at the correct location in RAM and supplies the game
with a pseudo-random number sequence rather than a stream of zeros.
Joshi Volleyball now behaves better in service mode, allowing coins and
inputs to be tested.  Gladiator now honours the coinage DIP switches.
The MC68705 core has had a complete overhaul, and all drivers using it
have been reviewed.  This fixes lots of subtle issues: for example
Change Lanes will now skip the full memory tests if configured to ignore
them in DIP switches, timings have improved in Arkanoid, and the
Apple II mouse card is slightly improved.  We now emulate the ’705
family well enough to support stand-alone MCU programmer boards.</p>

<p>Other improvements include working sound in Pole Position bootlegs,
improved video in Winning Run, preliminary banked 256 colour mode for
the NEC PC-9821, kana input on the Sharp X1, a VME bus system with
preliminary support for the miniFORCE 2P21 chassis, additional
Aristocrat Mark 5 peripheral emulation allowing non-US games to boot,
Corvus hard disks for the DEC Rainbow 100, preliminary work on Atari
Stunt Cycle (displays the playfield), fixes for the Aussie Byte and
Otrona Attaché, and support for octal and binary numbers in debugger
expressions.</p>

<p>For more detail on what’s changed, check out the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0182.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or grab the source or Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a> straight
away.</p>
