¡Hola!  こんにちは。  Здраво!

<p>We know we let MAME’s translation files rot for almost a year, and
for that we’re truly sorry (the technical reason is <a
href="http://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?50117">lack of C++14 support in GNU
xgettext</a>), but we’ll be in much better shape on this front for our
next release (0.189 scheduled for 30 August).  The Chinese, Greek,
Brazilian Portuguese, and Spanish translations are up-to-date or very
close to it, thanks to A. Viloria, Ashura-X, BraiNKilleRGR, Felipé
Sanches, and YuiFAN.  However, our other translations are still in need
of updating.</p>

<p>If you anyone could help out with updating a translation, or
contributing a new translation, we’d very much appreciate it.  The
translation files are in the <a
href=https://github.com/mamedev/mame/tree/master/language">language</a>
folder in MAME’s source tree.  Updating a translation doesn’t require
programming skills, just knowledge of the terminology in English and the
target language, and a text editor with good UTF-8 support.  We prefer
to receive submissions as pull requests on github – you can contact us
on <a href="http://forum.mamedev.org/">our forum</a> or our IRC channel
(#mame on <a href="https://freenode.net/">freenode</a>) if you need help
with the details.  We’d also appreciate reports of
localisation/translation issues (on <a
href="https://github.com/mamedev/mame/issues/">github</a> or our
forum).</p>
