MAME 0.186

<p>It’s been one of those long, five-week development cycles, but it’s
finally time for your monthly MAME fix.  There’s been a lot of touched
in this release, with improvements in a number of areas.  But before we
get to the improvements, we have an embarrassing admission to make: the
game added in 0.185 as Acchi Muite Hoi is actually Pata Pata Panic, and
the sound ROM mapping was incorrect, making the game unplayable.  That’s
all sorted out now though, thanks to occasional contributor k2.</p>

<p>New working arcade games include Epos Revenger ’84, Jockey Club II,
Hashire Patrol Car, the Mega Play version of Gunstar Heroes, and the
much-awaited Taito Classic Space Cyclone.  Improvements to emulation
make Legionnaire and Heated Barrel fully playable at long last, and
Megatouch XL 6000 is working in this release.  There are also plenty of
new versions of supported games, including a world release of the puzzle
game Star Sweep, the Taito licensed version of Bagman, the Japanese
release of Top Landing, the Italian release of Penky, and European
bootlegs of Amidar and Phoenix.  We’ve got some exciting improvements to
supported arcade games this month, too.  Sound effects for Universal’s
Cheeky Mouse are now supported, and the analog section of the melody
synthesiser used in Zaccaria’s Jack Rabbit and Money Money has been
implemented, although it’s still missing the cassa (bass drum) sound at
the moment.  We need schematics and quality PCB photos to add support
for analog sound synthesis in more games, so if you find any we’d really
appreciate if you could send them our way.</p>

<p>New working home/handheld games include Jungle Soft Zone 60, Gradius,
Lone ranger, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Top Gun, and the
Game &amp; Watch titles Mario’s Cement Factory, Boxing, Donkey Kong II
and Mickey &amp; Donald.  The CoCo Games master cartridge is supported
as a CoCo slot device, support for the French Minitel 2 terminal has
been added (thanks to Jean-François Del Nero), and there’s some more
progress on the InterPro systems from Patrick Mackinlay.  Peripherals
for the TI-99 home computer family have been overhauled, making the PEB
a slot device that plugs into the I/O port – this will require changes
to your configuration if you use this family of computers.</p>

<p>Finally, the -listroms verb supports device sets (e.g. mpu401 or
m68705p3), -listroms, -verifyroms and -listxml support multiple
patterns on the command line, -verifyroms is much faster when a small
number of sets are specified, and the romcmp tool has seen several
improvements.</p>

<p>These are just the highlights of course – you can find the rest of
the changes in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0186.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or get the source/Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a> and enjoy
all the improvements.  Thanks for continuing to use and support the one
and only MAME.</p>
