MAME 0.187

<p>And now for something completely different: our midyear MAME release.
The most notable new working machines are beloved Game &amp; Watch
titles Donkey Kong Jr. (new wide screen) and Mario Bros., and the
ultra-rare Kaneko prototype Jump Kun (thanks ShouTime).  There are also
some newly supported clones of existing systems, like additional
versions of DECO Cassette games (including the more Puck-Man-like
Japanese version of Lock’n’Chase), Spanish bootlegs of Rally X and
Scramble, a Korean release of Macross II with Japanese text removed (to
meet “cultural import” restrictions), and a simplified version of
Operation Thunderbolt for smaller cabinets in shopping centres aimed at
younger children.</p>

<p>Another very exciting development in this release is support for
running original protection programs for a number of games using
MC68705P5 microcontrollers.  A technique to exploit glitches and read
the programs out of a protected MC68705P5 with reasonable success rate
was discovered, and brizzo built a device implementing it.  Games
now using real protection programs include Get Star,  Chack’n Pop,
Rumba Lumber, Onna Sanshirou (Typhoon Gal), Field Day, Prebillian and
others.  Some of these games were known to be using poor simulation, so
improvements to gameplay can be expected.</p>

<p>Other improvements include support for a MIDI output card on the
Sharp X68000 (allows game soundtracks to be played through an external
synthesiser), English BIOS support for the Sega VMU, fixes for several
xBR shaders with bgfx, working Dragon 64 Plus and Goupil G1/G2
support, Tandy CoCo Speech/Sound Cartridge support, and a big update to
the Interpro driver.</p>

<p>Of course there’s more, which you can read about in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0187.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or experience when you get the source/Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.  Thanks
for being part of the MAME community.</p>
