MAME 0.184

<p>Well, it’s the last Wednesday of the month, and I hope you know what
that means: it’s time for your regularly scheduled MAME release.  There
aren’t a huge number of new working machines in this release, but there
are some significant improvements.  Thanks to kazblox, MAME now emulates
some of the peculiarities of Famicom clone hardware, and thanks to
shattered, emulation of the Agat-7 Apple II clone is improved.  Peter
Ferrie provided a superior Apple II language card implementation.  We’ve
got lots of additions to the BBC and PC software lists from Nigel Barnes
and darkstar.</p>

<p>We’ve made substantial improvements to some of MAME’s non-emulation
features.  The -romident verb is now much faster when used on a folder
or archive containing multiple files, and will identify ROMs for
emulated slot devices that aren’t inserted by default.  The -listxml
output now includes all linked devices, and is produced at least 30%
faster.  We’ve also improved -verifyroms so it covers more devices and
is faster when verifying ROMs for a subset of drivers/devices.</p>

<p>MAME 0.184 includes support for plenty of newly dumped versions of
supported arcade games, including a rare US prototype of Shanghai III,
the world release of Super Crowns Golf, a version of Flashgirl that
shows the Kyugo logo, a German version of Raiden II, the Japanese
release of Radical Radial, and bootlegs of Bomber Man and Phoenix.
There are also several new chess computers, and even more Aristocrat
Mark V gambler sets.  If you’re interested in the TI-8x graphing
calculators, it’s now possible to get an emulated TI-82 or TI-85 to
communicate with another emulated instance or with a program running on
the host computer over a socket.</p>

<p>You can read about the rest of the improvements in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0184.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or grab the source or Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a> to try it
out.</p>
