MAME 0.185

<p>Today’s the day for our April MAME release, bringing some important
fixes as well as the usual assortment of emulation improvements.  A bug
preventing multiple keys from being mapped to subdevice inputs has been
fixed, which means you can now assign multiple keys to buttons in NeoGeo
games and consoles/computers with controller/keyboard/mouse slots.
Software loading has been reworked in this release, and the user-visible
issues in 0.184 should be addressed.  An improvement to the debugger
allows more cheats in games with encrypted program ROMs.</p>

<p>Newly supported systems include the Galaxy Games StarPak 4 prototype
(thanks to Keith Kolmos), Acchi Muite Hoi (a jan-ken-pon game), the
HP 9845T computer, Tekken Card World, and Pirate Ship.  This release
also restores working support for Omori Popper, the driver rewrite
having been completed just in time (the old driver had to be removed due
to licensing issues).  New clones includes the export release of Mach
Breakers, an earlier world release of Rastan, the US release of Sonic
Blast Man, and Up Maguila (a Spanish bootleg of Donkey Kong Jr.).</p>

<p>Emulation improvements include improved netlist performance, a fix
for classic Mac keyboard input, a fix for the Apple I cassette
interface, and fixes for regressions in Thomson floppy support and
Apollo SIO.  The N-Sub driver now supports sound sample playback and the
gradient generator simulation uses PROM data.  There are also some fixes
for bugs in the Intel MCS-51 and 8086 family CPUs.</p>

<p>Of course that’s not all, and you can read about everything else
in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0185.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or get the source or Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a> and have a
look yourself.</p>
