MAME 0.191

<p>It’s the end of October, and time for the hotly anticipated
MAME 0.191 release.  This release includes an experimental Hitachi SH3
recompiler from frequent contributor David “Haze” Haywood that shows
promising performance improvements for Cave CV-1000 emulation, and holds
the tantalising possibility of bringing similar gains to systems based
on the SH4 in the future (including Sega NAOMI).  Bug fixes to the
Saturn/ST-V emulation will enhance your enjoyment of numerous Sega
titles from the ’90s.  There have also been some optimisations and
improvements to MIPS3 and Voodoo emulation, as used in a number of 3D
arcade systems.</p>

<p>For fans of systems more often experienced at home, David Haywood
also rewrote most of the Gamate emulation, taking it from mostly broken
to (hopefully) best-in-class.  We’ve also got some important bug fixes
for the Tatung Einstein, the NEC PC-Engine console, and the M6809 CPU
used by the Tandy CoCo family (among other things).  Three more Tiger
handhelds have been added for this release, namely Batman, Judge Dredd,
and Swamp Thing.  The hard limit of four emulated screens has been
lifted, allowing you to plug in more video cards, more serial terminals,
or just emulate systems that just have lots of screens.</p>

<p>We’ve got some big updates to the software lists this month, with
plenty of Apple II cassettes, RM Nimbus software, and over seventy new
PlayStation dumps.  BBC Torch floppies and Gamate cartridges are now
considered working, and Kiki Inland for Gamate has been added.  A number
of titles that don’t require a PC/AT have been moved from the IBM 5170
list to the IBM 5150 list.  There are also some nice additions to the
IBM PC and Fujitsu FM Towns software.</p>

<p>Of course, there are lots more bug fixes and newly dumped versions
of emulated games that you can read about in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0191.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>.  Or you can get the source/Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a> and start
emulating.</p>
