MAME 0.194

<p>Today we’re proud to deliver MAME 0.194, the first MAME release of
2018.  Following on from the optimisation in last month’s release, MAME
now features a Hyperstone E1-XS recompiler, giving substantial
performance improvements in a number of Korean games.  Several issues
affecting cheats, lua scripting, the internal debugger, and disassembly
have been resolved.  We’ve added support for the prototype Atari game
Cyberstorm, and Gaelco’s Last KM which was designed to integrate with an
exercise bike.  This release expands and improves support for TV games
with fixed software.  Additions include the TV Boy II, Super TV Boy, and
Radica Space Invaders.  Emulation has been substantially improved for
games using NES-derived hardware from V.R. Technologies.</p>

<p>The flow of LCD handheld games shows no sign of abating  This month
we’ve added Thief in Garden, Super Double Dragon, Vindicators, Skeleton
Warriors, and The Incredible Crash Test Dummies.  There are plenty more
improvements to FM Towns emulation in this release, allowind more games
to boot and fixing graphical errors.  The Matsushita MyBrain 3000 and
closely-related Ericsson Step/One have been promoted to working.  Acorn
Electron peripherals have been overhauled and several new options are
available.</p>

<p>In arcade emulation, we’ve got improved graphics emulation for
Nintendo’s Popeye, and support for two more bootleg versions.  There are
also improvements to graphical effects in several Data East games, and
improvements to IGS PGM2 emulation making Knights of Valour 3 playable.
Plenty more alternate versions of supported arcade games have been
added.  One does deserve a mention, and that’s Bioplaything Cop, a
prototype of Gaelco’s Biomechanical Toy.</p>

<p>You can read about the rest of the changes, improvements, fixes, and
newly emulated systems in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0194.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, and as always, you can get the source or Windows binaries from
<a href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
