MAME 0.196

<p>MAME 0.196, our March release, is here just in time for Easter, and
it’s packed with all the goodness you’ve come to expect.  In a very
exciting development, Team Caps0ff have <a
href="http://caps0ff.blogspot.com/2018/03/taito-c-chip-data-by-lobotomy.html">extracted
the C-chip data</a> for Volfied, Superman, Rainbow Islands, and most
importantly, Bonze Adventure.  This cleanly fixes some of the most
long-standing emulation issues in MAME.  The improvements to Sega
Model 2 have continued, with Virtua Fighter 2 and Motor Raid now
considered working.  Other Model 2 games are greatly improved as
well.</p>

<p>For fans of 8-bit home computers, MAME 0.196 has improved ZX Spectrum
family emulation, fixing many graphical glitches.  A QuikLoad option has
been added to several CP/M-80 machines, allowing .COM files to be loaded
directly after the operating system has booted.  Emulated IEEE-488
(GBIP) can now be tunnelled over sockets, opening up the possibility to
simulate peripherals outside MAME.  Interpro progress has continued, and
is now at the point where you can boot the rebuild floppy.</p>

<p>Other new working arcade games include Big Buck Hunter, an older
joystick-controlled version of Ghox, and a rare unprotected version of
Opa Opa.  With some fixes to our vector maths, War: The Final Assault is
working, and Gunpey has been made playable using decompressed sprite
data extracted from a working board.  New LCD hand-helds include Dennis
the Menace, Double Dragon 3, Jurassic Park, Spider-Man, The Addams
Family, The Flash, and X-Men - Project X.</p>

<p>In an emulation first, MAME 0.196 supports QSound DSP emulation.  For
now, it’s only enabled for the vgmplay driver by default, and it
requires a fairly fast computer to emulate at full speed.  It will be
enabled by default when system requirements are a bit more modest.  The
SH-4 recompiler has been enabled by default for Dreamcast-derived
systems, giving substantial performance improvements.</p>

<p>Of course, there are plenty of other improvements that you can read
about in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0196.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>.  As always, source and Windows binaries are available from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
