MAME 0.193

<p>It’s a bit late for Christmas, but MAME 0.193 is ready today.  First
of all, let’s get the disclaimers out of the way.  We’ve switched to
GCC 7 for Windows binaries, and started requiring SSE 2 (Pentium 4,
Opteron, Athlon 64, or equivalent) for 32-bit Windows binaries.  In the
unlikely event that either of these changes causes issues for your use
case, you’ll have to build from source.  There’s currently an issue with
overlay artwork not being displayed when using bgfx video output.
Unfortunately we haven’t been able to address this in time for the
release.  As a workaround, we recommend using Direct3D or OpenGL video
output for systems that use overlay artwork (this includes many
handheld/tabletop games, Space Invaders, and the Vectrex console).  You
can track progress on this issue <a
href="http://mametesters.org/view.php?id=6806">at MAME Testers</a>.</p>

<p>And now, the stuff you’ve all been waiting for: the highlights.
We’ve added support for a whole lot of Tiger handhelds based on licensed
IP in this release, including the unmissable MC Hammer, Batman Forever,
Nightmare Before Christmas, and Robocop 2.  We’ve also added some of
Tiger’s handheld renditions of popular games from other platforms, like
Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter II, Battletoads, and Space Harrier II.
On the arcade side, newly working games include prototypes Calcune and
In Your Face, a location test version of Teki Paki, PGM2 titles Oriental
Legend 2 and Knights of Valour 2 New Legend, and a number of beatmania
IIDX titles.</p>

<p>Computer fans don’t need to feel left out this Christmas, either.
The Agat-7 floppy drive emulation has been improved to the point where
it’s considered working, and the internal HP-9845 printer is now
supported.  If you’re at all interested in the FM Towns, you
<em>need</em> to give this release a try, as r09 has made numerous
improvements to sprites and scrolling, and greatly improved keyboard
behaviour.  There are also some big software list updates across a
number of systems.</p>

<p>Of course, there are plenty more improvements you can read about in
the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0193.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, and as always, you can get the source or Windows binaries from
<a href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
