MAME 0.198

<p>It’s the day you’ve been eagerly awaiting all month: MAME release
day!  MAME 0.198, our May release, is packed full of improvements in
lots of areas.  Newly supported arcade games include the rare video
pinball game Tom Tom Magic, Jikkyou Powerful Pro Yakyuu EX ’98, and
Keirin Ou.  Newly supported computers include the TI-99/2, Dragon
MSX-64, and BBC Master 512.</p>

<p>This release brings graphics emulation improvements to a number of
systems, including more fixes for Sega Saturn/ST-V, missing effects
emulated in 1945k III, and improvements to the title screen in Wolf
Fang.  The SH-4 recompiler now supports more FPU opcodes directly, and
NAOMI keyboards are supported.  Low-level floppy drive emulation
improvements bring improved compatibility for Apple II software.  Newly
supported peripherals include a PC ISA LBA BIOS card, the Beeb Speech
Synthesiser, and a number of BBC Micro pointing devices.</p>

<p>Other additions include new Tiger handhelds (Batman: The Animated
Series, Operation: Aliens, Wayne’s World, and X-Men), the Fidelity
Elegance and Prestige chess computers, and alternate versions of Battle
Balls, Centipede, Final Fight, Karate Blazers, Last Mission, Real
Puncher, Sengoku 3, Spy Hunter, and World Heroes 2.  There are lots of
additions to the Apple II cassette software list, and several additions
to the Sorcerer cassette software list as well.  MAME now supports
Korean user interface thanks to a contribution from Neius.</p>

<p>For developers, we’ve fixed some issues in the debugger affecting
CPUs that use word addressing, and the source list is sorted more
intuitively in memory windows.  We’ve made a number of changes to how
machine configuration works to make driver development more intuitive
and less error-prone.</p>

<p>Of course, you can read all the details in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0198.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or get source and Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
