MAME 0.192

<p>Even if you’re still feeling burned from Singles’ Day, Thanksgiving,
and/or Black Friday, MAME 0.192 is here, and there’s plenty packed into
this update.  At long last, the MCU for Ping Pong King is simulated,
making the game playable, and Flower now runs better than it ever did.
Taito’s abstract maze game Marine Date is also emulated better than
ever, although there are still some issues with collision detection.
We’ve got newly dumped prototypes, including a prototype of Battlecry,
and a more complete version of Grudge Match that appears to come from a
location test in Italy.  Many of the Aristocrat MK5 gambling machines
have been redumped so the ROM checksums pass and they boot.  Missing
graphics in the Merit Megatouch games have been fixed.</p>

<p>But we know that rumours about the next part of this announcement
have made lots of arcade fans excited: IGS PGM2 software is showing
signs of life.   I’m sure at least some of you are wondering how this
was achieved.  Usual suspects Morten Shearman Kirkegaard and Peter
Wilhelmsen (recently featured here in connection to their success in
dumping Gaelco protection programs) have built another FPGA-based rig
that allowed them to dump the internal programs from the ARM CPUs for
Oriental Legend 2 and Knights of Valour 2 New Legend.  On top of this,
there are some nice performance improvements to MAME’s MPEG audio
decoding that should benefit other systems as well.</p>

<p>In computer system emulation, we’ve got a number of graphical fixes
for FM Towns, heaps of improvements for the Tatung Einstein, No-Slot
Clock support for the Apple //e family, and support for some Brazilian
CoCo clones from Prológica and Codimex.  There are some big updates to
the PC software lists, too.  The ACI Destiny Prodigy, Mephisto RISC 1MB
and Mephisto RISC II chess computers are now working.  Finally, the
Interpro drivers have numerous improvements, including preliminary
keyboard/video support.</p>

<p>That’s just scratching the surface – there are far more bug fixes,
newly dumped system and performance improvements than we can list here.
There’s a full list of changes in the <a
href="http://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0192.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, and you can get the source or Windows binaries from <a
href="http://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
