MAME 0.202

<p>You know what day it is?  It’s MAME 0.202 release day!  This month’s
release is chock full of new versions of previously supported games.
We’ve added the Japanese releases of Namco’s Four Trax, and Taito’s
Midnight Landing, the European release of Kaneko’s Gals Panic 4, a very
rare unprotected version of Orca’s River Patrol, a version of
Cinematronics’ Star Castle for cocktail cabinets, and a newer version of
Konami’s WEC Le Mans 24.  Perhaps the most interesting new version of an
arcade game to be added is the final release version of Sega’s Toki no
Senshi – Chrono Soldier.  It turns out the previously-supported set was
a somewhat unfinished prototype.</p>

<p>Improvements include more supported drawing modes for PlayStation and
PowerVR2 (NAOMI/Dreamcast), fewer graphical glitches in Super Shanghai
Dragon’s Eye, and fixes for sprite priority in Beast Busters and
Pac-Land.  The CRT simulation shaders now correctly apply the defocus
effect after the scanline effect.  Possibly the most exciting progress
this month is in UNIX workstation emulation.  InterPro networking is now
supported, and it’s now possible to install and run SunOS 4.1.4 on
emulated sun4c systems including the SunView graphical environment.</p>

<p>There are plenty more reasons to update, including more Apple II
fixes, enough fixes to make the Jugend+Technik CompJU+TEr usable,
further progress on NEC PC-FX sound emulation, and another supported US
NeoGeo MVS BIOS.  Oh, and if you’re a fan of gambling games, Lucky
Ball 96 from Sielcon Games in Argentina is now playable.</p>

<p>You can read all about the changes in this release in the <a
href="https://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0202.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or get the source and Windows binary packages from <a
href="https://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
