MAME 0.204

<p>After a busy four weeks, we’re ready to present the hotly-anticipated
MAME 0.204 release.  The most exciting stuff this month is definitely on
the computer emulation side.  We’ve added dozens of working cartridges
to the BBC ROM software list, and ROMs required by expansion devices are
handled more elegantly.  Our HP9000/300 series emulation just keeps
getting better: it’s now possible to install and use HP-UX 9, with X11
and the Vue desktop environment on an emulated HP9000/370 with
accelerated window drawing and Ethernet networking support.  There’s
also been some progress on the road to Silicon Graphics workstation
emulation.  On top of that, we’re seeing preliminary emulation of
standalone X Window System terminals.</p>

<p>Thanks to MAME’s modular, device-oriented architecture, improvements
for one machine go on to benefit other machines using similar hardware.
The Motorola 68k memory management unit improvements that allow HP-UX to
run on the HP9000/300 series will also benefit Mac, NeXT and early Sun
systems.  The same AMD LANCE Ethernet controller is used in HP and Sun
workstations, X11 terminals, the Amiga A2065 Zorro card, and numerous
applications.  This gives us a wealth of test cases, and a virtuous
cycle where progress on one system can lead to a breakthrough on
another.</p>

<p>With this release, all Tiger game.com games are fully playable.  Two
more Nintendo Game &amp; Watch titles, Climber and Tropical Fish, have
been emulated.  XaviX-based TV game emulation continues to progress
steadily: numerous e-kara karaoke cartridges have been dumped,
preliminary sound output emulation has been implemented (sorry, no
microphone support yet, but you can hear the tunes), and more systems
have inputs connected.</p>

<p>Graphical effects in the bootleg arcade driving game Blomby Car have
been improved, and bad dumps of graphics ROMs for Abnormal Check and the
Korean version of Prehistoric Isle have been replaced.  As always,
you’ll enjoy support for more alternate versions of arcade games
(including a version of Pinball Action that shows scores on external LED
displays), bug fixes, and general emulation improvements.</p>

<p>You can read a more detailed account of this month’s changes in the
<a href="https://mamedev.org/releases/whatsnew_0204.txt">whatsnew.txt
file</a>, or get the source and Windows binary packages from <a
href="https://mamedev.org/release.html">the download page</a>.</p>
